{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/}}
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf3 \cb4 \ulnone output should return the prime numbers in the matrix while traversed in a spiral order\
Lemon gave George a grid and wants him to traverse the 964 9, spiral order. TO check whether George Is doing It correctly, Lauren asked him to report all the primes as they are encountered. Help George to find these primes wide traversing the grid in spiral order.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 For example, grid [[7,7,3,8,1], [13, 5, 4,5, 2], [9, 2,12,3, 9],[6,12,1, 11, 41]]with the number of rows, n = 4, and the number of columns, m = 5. Traversal is as follows:\
pic 2\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 The traversal order is: [7, 7,3,8,1,2, 9, 41, 11, 1, 12, 6, 9, 13, 5, 4,5, 3,12, 2] and primes as encountered in the tNversal are [7, 7, 3, 2,41,11,13, 5,5, 3, 2j. Note that 1 is not a prime number.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\b \cb4 Function Description
\f1\b0 \
Complete the function spiralOrderPrimes in the editor below. The function must return an array of integers that denote the primes in the grid in the spiral order traversal. Spirals start from the left. spiralOrderPrimes has the following parameter(s):\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 grid[grid[0][0]\'85grid[n-1][m-1]]: a 2D array of integers\
}